# Indian_Migration_History
A general look into the migration patterns and history of indians across the planet from the 1960s to 2000s. The purpose of this project was to look into which countries have seen an uptick in indian migration patterns over the last 60 years to see if there is a possibility to predict with certainty the trends that will be seen in the coming years for human migration patterns. While this data was looked into in the following jupyter notebook, it is difficult to predict with any certainty what the results would be for the future. This is due to the fact that there is a minimal amount of data that is present here. This minimal amount of data further contributes to an issue with overfitting as this would be the result of working with this small data set. This data set may be able to work to predict human migration patterns if more features were added to help the prediction. People often move for things such as economic success, safety, and access to goods. This is something that could be paired against the data to see if there is a higher correlation with other countries due to the presence of these factors. As seen in the data, regions within South Asia tend to be the greatest region of migration to by people of Indian origin. This is likley due to Partition and the issues that plague the society as of present. This issue that was provided by the British is likely a major factor for this migration on paper as each of the countries provide things such as safety, religious freedom, and other attractive reasons for the migration out of India into other countries. This being said, a further in depth analysis with this data paired against other global data points would be far more interesting in the grand scheme of things. The models that were run came back with fairly poor scores in general (as it is quite difficult to make a good model on 5 features). The highest score that was achieved was through a linear regression model and shows a score of 0.17. This score is not nearly good enough to prove much of anything if it were used to predict future migrations as we would want at least a score that was greater that 0.75. As seen in the graphs though, there is a trend for indian migration outside of south asia to increase in the early 2000s. This is likely due to a greater amount of money coming into the Indian economy allowing for individuals to afford to travel and resettle more easily. This migration is seen across many countries and further analysis with a larger data set would be ideal. 

Something about only being truly spread across 36 countries that are not in south asia (40 otherwise)
